Separate addons into sections (#4965)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/addons.mdx

Reviewer: The first h2 starts with "Addons for" and the rest of the h2s don't follow that pattern. Style guide has us avoid gerunds in headers, so I would recommend a structure like this:

- Addons to map domain problems
- Addons to optimize circuits for hardware execution
- Addons to manage noise for expectation value estimation
- Addons to manage noise for sampling results
- Supplemental addons

Alternative: just remove the "Addons to" altogether, if it feels too repetitive... and go with: 
- Map domain problems
- Optimize circuits for hardware execution
- Manage noise for expectation value estimation
etc.

Reviewer 2: I like the alternative option (removing addons from those headers)

Reviewer 2: Let's move the optimization mapper to the top of the list. And add the qiskit-fermions package next to it. Suggested description for the latter: "Map fermionic problems to qubit operators and circuits."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description="Model optimization problems and map them down into representations that can be understood by a quantum computer."
```

# Advanced techniques - Qiskit addons

> Qiskit addons are a collection of research capabilities for enabling algorithm discovery at the utility scale. These modular software components build upon Qiskit’s performant foundation and can plug into a [workflow](/docs/guides/intro-to-patterns) to scale or design new quantum algorithms.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be helpful to add a final sentence here that says what this page does. Something like this

```suggestion
Qiskit addons are a collection of research capabilities for enabling algorithm discovery at the utility scale. These modular software components build upon Qiskit’s performant foundation and can plug into a [workflow](/docs/guides/intro-to-patterns) to scale or design new quantum algorithms. This page highlights the available tools across key functional categories to help you choose relevant capabilities when building your workflows.
```

## Map domain problems
These capabilities specialize in mapping domain problems into quantum operators and circuits for execution on a quantum computer.
<CardGroup>
    <Card

>       title="Optimization Mapper"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title="Optimization mapper"
```
Whoops, I thought this one's official name was capital-M Mapper, but I just now checked and it's not. (AQC-Tensor is officially capital-T Tensor... I mixed them up)

# Advanced techniques - Qiskit addons

> Qiskit addons are a collection of research capabilities for enabling algorithm discovery at the utility scale. These modular software components build upon Qiskit’s performant foundation and can plug into a [workflow](/docs/guides/intro-to-patterns) to scale or design new quantum algorithms. This page highlights the available tools across key functional categories to help you choose relevant capabilities when building your workflows.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Qiskit addons are a collection of research capabilities for enabling algorithm discovery at the utility scale. These modular software components build on Qiskit’s performant foundation and can plug into a [workflow](/docs/guides/intro-to-patterns) to scale or design new quantum algorithms. This page highlights the available tools across key functional categories to help you choose relevant capabilities when building your workflows.
```

      title="Operator backpropagation"
      description="Reduce circuit depth in expectation value estimations by backpropagating observables through the circuit."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-obp/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: OBP"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />

    <Card
      title="Circuit cutting"
      description="Reduce the depth of transpiled circuits by decomposing entangling gates between non-adjacent qubits."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-cutting"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: Circuit cutting"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
</CardGroup>

## Manage noise for expectation value estimation
Use the following addons to manage noise when building quantum workloads that estimate expectation values of observables.

<CardGroup>
  <Card
      title="Propagated noise absorption"
      description="Mitigate expectation values by measuring a target observable that has absorbed noise model information."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-pna/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: PNA"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
    <Card
      title="Shaded lightcones"

>       description="Reduce the sampling overhead of probabilistic error cancellation (PEC) by removing noise model terms that have low impact on the observable estimation."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      description="Reduce probabilistic error cancellation (PEC) sampling overhead by removing noise model terms that have low impact on the observable estimation."
```

    />
    
</CardGroup>

## Manage noise for sampling results
These techniques are useful for managing noise on sampling results.

<CardGroup>

    <Card
      title="Sample-based quantum diagonalization"
      description="Estimate the spectrum of quantum Hamiltonians by processing noisy samples and diagonalizing in a reduced subspace."
      href="/docs/guides/qiskit-addons-sqd"
      analyticsName="Overview page: SQD"
      linkText="Overview"
    />

    <Card
      title="SQD for HPC"
      description="An HPC-ready implementation of the SQD addon, written in modern C++17 standards and designed to enable HPC workflows and applications."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-sqd-hpc/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: SQD for HPC"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />

    <Card
      title="Measurement-based postselection"
      description="Filter out non-Markovian noise in circuits by incorporating measurement-based postselection transpiler passes."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-utils/apidocs/qiskit_addon_utils.noise_management.post_selection.transpiler.passes.html"
      analyticsName="Documentation page for post-selection"

>       linkText="Read API reference"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      linkText="Read the API reference"
```

Reviewer 3: Or just "API reference"

    />

    <Card
      title="Matrix-free Measurement Mitigation (M3)"
      description="Mitigate measurement errors by processing in a reduced subspace defined by noisy bitstrings."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-mthree/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: M3"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />

    
</CardGroup>

## Supporting capabilities
Use these capabilities to support and compose your workflows that leverage other addons.
<CardGroup>
  <Card
      title="Addon utilities"
      description="Build addons-powered workflows faster by using this collection of functions for creating Hamiltonians, generating Trotter time-evolution circuits, and applying the latest error mitigation capabilities."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-utils/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: addon utilities"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />

    <Card
      title="Pauli propagation"

>       description="A framework to approximate the evolution of operators, which can be used to simulate expectation values and to implement error mitigation techniques such as propagated noise absorption and shaded lightcones."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      description="A framework to approximate operator evolution, which can be used to simulate expectation values and implement error mitigation techniques, such as propagated noise absorption (PNA) and shaded lightcones."
```

> Qiskit addons are a collection of research capabilities for enabling algorithm discovery at the utility scale. These modular software components can plug into a [workflow](/docs/guides/intro-to-patterns) to scale or design new quantum algorithms. Many of these addons are powered by the `qiskit-addon-utils` package. See the [Qiskit addon utilities documentation](https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-utils/) for more information.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove the last two sentences on the utils package since we now have a dedicated section for it.

> Qiskit addons are a collection of research capabilities for enabling algorithm discovery at the utility scale. These modular software components can plug into a [workflow](/docs/guides/intro-to-patterns) to scale or design new quantum algorithms. Many of these addons are powered by the `qiskit-addon-utils` package. See the [Qiskit addon utilities documentation](https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-utils/) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Qiskit addons are a collection of research capabilities for enabling algorithm discovery at the utility scale. These modular software components build upon Qiskit’s performant foundation and can plug into a [workflow](/docs/guides/intro-to-patterns) to scale or design new quantum algorithms.
```

## Addons for mapping domain problems

> These addons are particularly useful for preparing efficient quantum circuits based on the application you are building for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These addons are particularly useful for preparing efficient quantum circuits based on the application you are building.
```
"based on the application" - Maybe this can be clearer - are the circuits based on the application, or are the addons based on the application?

> These addons are particularly useful for preparing efficient quantum circuits based on the application you are building for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These capabilities are useful for mapping domain problems into quantum operators and circuits for execution on quantum computer.
```

      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />

</CardGroup>

## Optimizing circuits for hardware execution

> The following addons are useful for reducing circuit depth, both generally (for the circuit cutting addon) and when your workload estimates the expectation value of an observable using operator backpropagation.

Reviewer: The phrase "addons are useful for" is repeated in each section. It's more concise to use language like 
"Use the following addons to reduce circuit depth, both generally..." (and I think it will feel less obviously repetitive, even if you use it in every section).

Or - mix it up with language like "These addons excel at...." "The purpose of these addons is..." "These addons specialize in..." etc.

Reviewer 2: Good suggestion (I would perhaps replace addons with capabilities). I like both "Use these capabilities to ..." and "These capabilities specialize in..."

> The following addons are useful for reducing circuit depth, both generally (for the circuit cutting addon) and when your workload estimates the expectation value of an observable using operator backpropagation.

Reviewer 2: The older version of the cutting addon included functionality for addressing distributions. Currently it only supports expectation value based workflows. So we could reframe this as something like:
```suggestion
These capabilities are useful for reducing circuit depth and typically come with an increased sampling overhead.
```

      analyticsName="Documentation page: Circuit cutting"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
</CardGroup>

## Noise management for expectation value estimation

> These addons are useful for managing noise when building quantum workloads which estimate expectation values of one or more observables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These addons are useful for managing noise when building quantum workloads that estimate expectation values of one or more observables.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we could be more concise and just say "expectation values of observables"

<CardGroup>
  <Card
      title="Propagated noise absorption"
      description="Propagated noise absorption (PNA) uses Pauli propagation to absorb information from a noise model into a target observable. Measuring this modified observable has the effect of mitigating the noise as represented by the model."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-pna/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: PNA"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
    <Card
      title="Shaded lightcones"
      description="The shaded lightcones (SLC) addon uses Pauli propagation to reduce the number of error terms in a noise model that need to be mitigated. This has the effect of reducing the sampling overhead for probabilistic error cancellation (PEC) workflows."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-slc/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: SLC"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
    
</CardGroup>

## Noise management for sampling results

> These addons are useful for managing noise when building sample-based quantum workloads.

Reviewer 2: Some capabilities included here could be used within a workflow that estimates expectation values (e.g., m3 and postselection) so I would rephrase slightly to:
```suggestion
These capabilities are useful for managing noise on sampling results.
```

> These addons are useful for managing noise when building sample-based quantum workloads.

Reviewer 2: I want to add a card here for the postselection capabilities in addon-utils. Even though we call out the addon-utils package later on, I think it's worth highlighting the postselection tools for mitigation

> These addons are useful for managing noise when building sample-based quantum workloads.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove the dice-eigensolver card and organize the tiles in this section in this order:
first row: sqd, sqd-hpc
second row: postselection, mthree

      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
</CardGroup>

## Manage noise for expectation value estimation
Use the following addons to manage noise when building quantum workloads that estimate expectation values of observables.

<CardGroup>
  <Card
      title="Propagated noise absorption"
      description="Propagated noise absorption (PNA) uses Pauli propagation to absorb information from a noise model into a target observable. Measuring this modified observable has the effect of mitigating the noise as represented by the model."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-pna/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: PNA"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
    <Card
      title="Shaded lightcones"
      description="The shaded lightcones (SLC) addon uses Pauli propagation to reduce the number of error terms in a noise model that need to be mitigated. This has the effect of reducing the sampling overhead for probabilistic error cancellation (PEC) workflows."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-slc/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: SLC"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
    
</CardGroup>

## Manage noise for sampling results

> Manage noise when sampling results with the following addons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These techniques are useful for managing noise on sampling results.
```

      analyticsName="Documentation page: Circuit cutting"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
</CardGroup>

## Manage noise for expectation value estimation
Use the following addons to manage noise when building quantum workloads that estimate expectation values of observables.

<CardGroup>
  <Card
      title="Propagated noise absorption"
      description="Mitigate expectation values by measuring a target observable that has absorbed noise model information."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-pna/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: PNA"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
    <Card
      title="Shaded lightcones"

>       description="Reduce the sampling overhead of probabilistic error cancellation (PEC) by identifying noise model terms that contribute most to the observable estimation."

Reviewer 2: slight rewording here
```suggestion
      description="Reduce the sampling overhead of probabilistic error cancellation (PEC) by removing noise model terms that have low impact on the observable estimation."
```

      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-slc/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: SLC"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />
    
</CardGroup>

## Manage noise for sampling results
These techniques are useful for managing noise on sampling results.

<CardGroup>

    <Card
      title="Sample-based quantum diagonalization"
      description="Estimate the spectrum of quantum Hamiltonians by processing noisy samples and diagonalizing in a reduced subspace."
      href="/docs/guides/qiskit-addons-sqd"
      analyticsName="Overview page: SQD"
      linkText="Overview"
    />

    <Card
      title="SQD for HPC"
      description="An HPC-ready implementation of the SQD addon, written in modern C++17 standards and designed to enable HPC workflows and applications."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-sqd-hpc/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: SQD for HPC"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />

    <Card

>       title="Measurement post-selection"

Reviewer 2: I think it's common to write postselection without the hyphen, which might make this header look a little less clunky
```suggestion
      title="Measurement-based postselection"
```

Reviewer: Jessie uses post-selection in other spots in the docs - we can update those if you all agree it should be one word (and of course it will also apply to your [recent PR](https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation/pull/4990), @kaelynj)

Reviewer 2: Ah okay good catch. My preference would be to remove the hyphen so that it's just visually simpler but up to you all!

Reviewer: I see postselection in some of the API docs / learning material, so we can swap out the other instances so that they are all one-word. I'll tack that on to Kaelyn's postselection guide PR - thanks!

>       description="Filter out non-Markovian noise in circuits by incorporating measurement-based post-selection transpiler passes."

Reviewer 2: See previous comment
```suggestion
      description="Filter out non-Markovian noise in circuits by incorporating measurement-based postselection transpiler passes."
```

      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-utils/apidocs/qiskit_addon_utils.noise_management.post_selection.transpiler.passes.html"
      analyticsName="Documentation page for post-selection"
      linkText="Read API reference"
    />

    <Card

>       title="Matrix-free Measurement Mitigation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title="Matrix-free Measurement Mitigation (M3)"
```
We've lost the shorthand term in recent edits - making sure it is a keyword still when searching/scanning the page

    />

    <Card
      title="Measurement post-selection"
      description="Incorporate measurement post selection transpiler passes to filter out non-Markovian noise in your circuits with the utilities addon."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-utils/apidocs/qiskit_addon_utils.noise_management.post_selection.transpiler.passes.html"
      analyticsName="Documentation page for post-selection"
      linkText="Read API reference"
    />

    <Card
      title="Matrix-free Measurement Mitigation"
      description="Matrix-free Measurement Mitigation (M3) is a package for scalable quantum measurement error mitigation that can be computed in parallel."
      href="https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-addon-mthree/"
      analyticsName="Documentation page: M3"
      linkText="Browse documentation"
    />

    
</CardGroup>

## Supplemental addons

> This set of functions can be used to support and compose your workflows that leverage other addons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use these capabilities to support and compose your workflows that leverage other addons.
```

    />
</CardGroup>

> ## Supplemental addons

Reviewer 2: I like where you're going with this. What about
```suggestion
## Supplemental capabilities
```
or
```suggestion
## Supporting capabilities
```

Author: I think I prefer "supporting capabilities" the most here

> Lastly, this addon contains many useful helper functions to speed up your development process when using the other addons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This set of functions can be used to support and compose your workflows that leverage other addons.
```

<CardGroup>
<Card
      title="Addon utilities"

>       description="This addon contains functionality which is meant to supplement workflows involving one or more Qiskit addons. For example, this package contains functions for creating Hamiltonians, generating Trotter time evolution circuits, and slicing and combining quantum circuits in time-wise partitions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="This package, which supplements workflows involving one or more Qiskit addons, contains functions to create Hamiltonians, generate Trotter time evolution circuits, and slice and combine quantum circuits in time-wise partitions."
```
